In the previous video we have printed all the paths
in a given binary tree
For this problem we can use the same logic and
alter it based on the problem statement.
so now let's see how every time adding that node value in the array
find a new sum value by subtracting the current node
value from the given sum and also in each iteration
we need to check whether we have reached the
leaf node and the new sum value is zero.
If we have reached the leaf node but the new sum
value is non zero.
We can say that this path sum does not equal
to the given sum value, so we can skip this path.
If we have reached the leaf node with new sum
value as zero we can conclude that we have found
the path with given sum and we can print it. So using this logic, you can try solving the problem.